Técnica de pronunciación de este módulo 5
Ya sabes qué vas a hacer
Simplemente vas a grabar estas frases
cinco veces
¿Ok?
Vas a repetir estas frases por cinco
veces en un video O en un audio, como lo
prefieras Primera frase
We're gonna start with breaking news
Second Our
reporter Diana went to that tragic place
And she's there now Our reporter Diana
went to that tragic place
And she's there now Third There is a
connection between the two deaths There
is a connection between the two deaths
Authorities have confirmed that one of
the bodies Is indeed the driver of the car
Authorities have confirmed That one of
the bodies Is indeed the driver of the
car And fifth They think it's most likely
That the unidentified body Belongs to one
of those criminals
They think it's most likely
That the unidentified body Belongs to one
of those criminals Espero ver tu
actividad en la plataforma Think of
Course For love Me The turning